README.md, before:

![](images/minecraft-web-viewer.png)

The `MinecraftMapViewer` lets you explore your Minecraft worlds in 3D within your web browser. 

The world files must be converted with the [Minecraft Web Exporter](https://github.com/Arcus92/MinecraftWebExporter) first. This will not draw your Minecraft server in *real-time*.

### !!! This project is still under construction !!!

This project is still in the early stages of development. Many features are missing or incomplete. For example:
- The tool supports multiple worlds. There is no world selection, but you can change the world by modifying the url: `#w=other_world`. 
- The viewer will always initialize with the world named `world`. Make sure you always have a world named `world` uploaded.
- There is no error handling when a world could not be found.
- The user can not change the viewing distance. This can cause performance issues on low-end devises.

## Requirements

The web viewer can run on any static web server. There is no backend required. 

To compile the project files you have to install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/).

## Installation

- Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) with the Node Package Manager *(NPM)*.
- Checkout the code via `git` or download the zip archive and extract it.
- Open a terminal, navigate to the project directory. 
- Run `npm ci` to install the required node modules.
- Run `npm run dev` to start a local web server on `http://localhost:9000/`. You can copy your exported world files into `dist` for testing. 


## Deploy to your server

- Run `npm run build` to build the web viewer into the `dist` directory.
- Upload the content of the `dist` folder onto your web server.
- Upload the converter world files created by the [Minecraft Web Exporter](https://github.com/Arcus92/MinecraftWebExporter) into the same directory.

Commit message:

Added demo link in `README.md`

README.md, after:

![](images/minecraft-web-viewer.png)

The `MinecraftMapViewer` lets you explore your Minecraft worlds in 3D within your web browser. 

The world files must be converted with the [Minecraft Web Exporter](https://github.com/Arcus92/MinecraftWebExporter) first. This will not draw your Minecraft server in *real-time*.

Don't believe me? [Try the demo on my homepage!](https://3dmap.david-schulte.de/#w=world&tx=196&tz=382.4&cx=155&cy=93.7&cz=402.6)

### !!! This project is still under construction !!!

This project is still in the early stages of development. Many features are missing or incomplete. For example:
- The tool supports multiple worlds. There is no world selection, but you can change the world by modifying the url: `#w=other_world`. 
- The viewer will always initialize with the world named `world`. Make sure you always have a world named `world` uploaded.
- There is no error handling when a world could not be found.
- The user can not change the viewing distance. This can cause performance issues on low-end devises.

## Requirements

The web viewer can run on any static web server. There is no backend required. 

To compile the project files you have to install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/).

## Installation

- Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) with the Node Package Manager *(NPM)*.
- Checkout the code via `git` or download the zip archive and extract it.
- Open a terminal, navigate to the project directory. 
- Run `npm ci` to install the required node modules.
- Run `npm run dev` to start a local web server on `http://localhost:9000/`. You can copy your exported world files into `dist` for testing. 


## Deploy to your server

- Run `npm run build` to build the web viewer into the `dist` directory.
- Upload the content of the `dist` folder onto your web server.
- Upload the converter world files created by the [Minecraft Web Exporter](https://github.com/Arcus92/MinecraftWebExporter) into the same directory.
